Clarify how words are counted, and what happens when you cancel an inflight request (#38)
illumitacit/policies: content/terms.md

3. There is only one paid plan. The paid plan has limitations on the number of words that can be generated by our
   engine, as described in [the pricing table](https://illumitacit.com/#pricing). You will not be able to exceed the
   number of words associated with your chosen plan unless you upgrade your plan to add more capacity to your account.
   Words are counted as contiguous non-whitespace characters in the text. For languages that are not space-delimited,
   such as Chinese and Japanese, words are counted as non-whitespace, non-punctuation characters in the text.

4. Every generated text from a request to generate content (including, but not limited to, executing Macros, sending a

>    message in a Chat based Experiments, sending a prompt in a Trial based Experiment) will be counted towards the word
>    limit on the account. This includes those originating from any request that is canceled mid process, either by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   message in a Chat based Experiments, sending a prompt in a Trial based Experiment) will be counted towards usage
   on the account. This includes those originating from any request that is canceled mid process, either by using
```
